THE WATER DROP

One summer there came a terrible drought to the beautiful yard.  It had not rained in many, many months.  The little girl was concerned.  Everyone was hot, dirty, and very sad.  Several arguments had erupted, everyone was frustrated.  Everyone dreamed of rain. Everyone was so very thirsty.

One morning the little girl went to check on her friends, they were all so tired, they didn't want to talk, they just wanted to sleep.  So, she went to talk to Ted T. Pole who didn't need a drink of water to be strong,  She desperately needed someone to talk to about the drought.   Honey Smellgood was a different story though  for as soon as Ted saw the little girl he yelled "YOU MUST FIND WATER FOR HONEY!  SHE'S DYING!"	.  The little girl was frightened.

She ran to the Landlord, "May I water my friends with your garden hose?  They are dying!", pleaded the little girl;  but, of course the narrow minded landlord said it cost too much electricity to run the well, and give the flowers life sustaining water.  "They do not feed us", he said, "We must save all our resources for the chickens who give us eggs and the plants which give us vegetables to eat."  "You can not water the flowers, they give us nothing of value!", the landlord screamed, "Go Away!"

The little girl slowly turned around and began the heartbreaking walk back toward` the dying yard.  The tears began softly, her steps heavy and hopeless, she thought . . .  I cannot bear to watch them die.

Suddenly her tears rained down hot and her steps stomped with anger, she thought . . . I must do something!

Stop!  Wiping the tears from her face, she stopped walking and stood there boldly, she thought . . . They give us much more than food.  They give us many valuable and life sustaining gifts!  They bring the bees, they are important  for pollunation.  They bring the worms, important for the soil and the birds.  The birds would not survive without the beautiful yards everywhere.  Finally,  They give us beauty.  Quality of life is as, or even more important to sustain a body.   Beauty is a reminder to hope.  Hope feeds the soul.  The very essence of a body is it's soul.  They are the soul of the yard!

She decided, I must water them myself!  So, she went to the shed and found the biggest bucket she could carry and began walking back toward the landlord's water.  She knew she would have to be stealth.  At the corner of the house was a place where the water sprinkler splashed out of sight of the landlord.  The little girl placed her bucket there and waited for it to fill with the life sustaining liquid.  When the bucket was full of water it was very heavy but the little girl carried it all the way back, careful not to spill any, and poured it on the first flowers she saw.  They were startled and began yelling, "It's raining, finally it's raining!"  The little girl quickly quieted them down, explained it was not raining, it would take a long time for everyone to get a drink, she explained how she was going to water them with a bucket.  When the birds heard what she was doing they helped.  They flew to the sprinklers and landed where the water would soak them, then they carefully flew to the beautiful yard where they shook their feathers and sprinkled the water everywhere.  The squirrels, the rabbits . . . everyone who could walk . . . did the same to help the little girl.  Again and again the little girl, the birds and the animals went from the sprinklers to the dying yard.  The water drop worked! Eventually everyone in the thirsty yard had a drink, everyone had moist roots and water filled leaves, they were happy.  Everyone in the beautiful yard was happy.  The little girl and her army and orchestrated a wonderful water drop and everyone was happy.

The water drop not only sent water sprinkling over dying flowers, it gave the little girl and everyone a new understanding, that we are all important to each other, we need each other and are responsible for each other.    The water drop taught everyone to stop and think about what to do, and do something.  One solitary bucket of water can grow into a solution.  

The little girl, along with her friends, repeated their water drop throughout that terrible drought.  

